1.Live Genius Smart TV features 31.5" HD Display, ARM Cortex A7 Quad Core Processor, Android v4.4 KitKat OS, 1 GB RAM, 4 GB Flash Memory, Ethernet, In-built Wi-Fi, Screen Mirroring, MHL, USB to USB Sharing, Skype, Sleep Timer, Alarm, Equalizer, Surround, Bass/Treble, Web browser, USB ports, HDMI connectivity and lots more. -> The Live Genius Smart TV features 31.5" HD Display, ARM Cortex A7 Quad Core Processor, Android v4.4 KitKat OS, 1 GB RAM, 4 GB Flash Memory, Ethernet, In-built Wi-Fi, Screen Mirroring, MHL, USB to USB Sharing, Skype, Sleep Timer, Alarm, Equalizer, Surround, Bass/Treble, Web browser, USB ports, HDMI connectivity and lots more.
2.Screen Size ->  31.5 inches
3. this Live Genius Smart TV offers you awesome viewing experience that makes your life at home filled with fun and entertainment. -> General
4. Onida LEO32HAIN 80cm HD LED TV -> SKU: 195063
5. Sound Mode ->  Flat, Music, Movie and Normal
6. Power Consumption (Watts) ->  65
7. Android v4.4 KitKat OS -> In-Built Wi-Fi & MHL
8. User-Friendly Interface & Performance -> The powerful ARM Cortex A7 quad core processor together with 1GB DDR3 RAM and 4GB flash memory delivers faster navigation and multitasking for sharing, web browsing, switching between content and more. Using Android v4.4 KitKat operating system, you can enjoy wide range of apps on the large screen with higher image quality. Its screen mirroring feature lets you send your smartphone or tablet content directly on to the big screen wirelessly, enabling easy sharing of your mobile device in your living room. Its MHL compatibility lets you play videos, music or photos from your smart phone on the large screen with the MHL cable. The USB to USB sharing lets you play the content stored on your USB flash drive directly on your TV's screen. Its dynamic contrast ratio of 3000000:1 provides crystal clear picture quality with unbelievable intensity and brightens the areas of the screen by making the dark areas of the screen appear in a deeper black than before. This provides greater detail, better defined lights and darks and improves the appearance of the colours on screen. Its two 8W speakers provides a audio output of 16W that delivers excellent sound quality and will make you feel like you are viewing your movies in a surround sound atmosphere. And the web browser allows you can surf the Internet on the TV in the same manner as you would using a PC.
9.Display Resolution ->  1366 x 768 pixels
10.Live Genius Smart TV features a distinct design with perfectly crafted edge and calibrated legs that makes the TV look stunningly stylish, elegant and eye catching and also matches the high quality room interiors. It has 31.5-inch LED display with the HD resolution of 1366 x 768 pixels that delivers true colour accuracy, precise colour and contrast from all angles and gives out blur-free, high quality, crystal clear and lively viewing experience. It can be wall mounted or placed on stand to suit the convenience of the viewer. And for simplified operation, this TV comes with a Web Cruiser QWERTY remote. It features full built-in keyboard which lets you type the web address or any keywords while browsing. This remote can be charged like your mobile phone which in turn eliminates the need of replacing the batteries. -> The Live Genius Smart TV features a distinct design with perfectly crafted edge and calibrated legs that makes the TV look stunningly stylish, elegant and eye catching and also matches the high quality room interiors. It has 31.5-inch LED display with the HD resolution of 1366 x 768 pixels that delivers true colour accuracy, precise colour and contrast from all angles and gives out blur-free, high quality, crystal clear and lively viewing experience. It can be wall mounted or placed on stand to suit the convenience of the viewer. And for simplified operation, this TV comes with a Web Cruiser QWERTY remote. It features full built-in keyboard which lets you type the web address or any keywords while browsing. This remote can be charged like your mobile phone which in turn eliminates the need of replacing the batteries
11. The powerful ARM Cortex A7 quad core processor together with 1GB DDR3 RAM and 4GB flash memory delivers faster navigation and multitasking for sharing, web browsing, switching between content and more. Using Android v4.4 KitKat operating system, you can enjoy wide range of apps on the large screen with higher image quality. Its screen mirroring feature lets you send your smartphone or tablet content directly on to the big screen wirelessly, enabling easy sharing of your mobile device in your living room. Its MHL compatibility lets you play videos, music or photos from your smart phone on the large screen with the MHL cable. The USB to USB sharing lets you play the content stored on your USB flash drive directly on your TV's screen. Its dynamic contrast ratio of 3000000:1 provides crystal clear picture quality with unbelievable intensity and brightens the areas of the screen by making the dark areas of the screen appear in a deeper black than before. This provides greater detail, better defined lights and darks and improves the appearance of the colours on screen. Its two 8W speakers provides a audio output of 16W that delivers excellent sound quality and will make you feel like you are viewing your movies in a surround sound atmosphere. And the web browser allows you can surf the Internet on the TV in the same manner as you would using a PC. -> The selectable picture mode are vivid, cinema, news, sports and normal. The sound modes include flat, music, movie and normal. And the audio system has bass/treble, balance, equalizer and surround. It also features alarm and sleep timer.
12. Power Requirements (Volts) ->  100 to 240 AC, 50Hz / 60Hz
13. he Live Genius Smart TV features a distinct design with perfectly crafted edge and calibrated legs that makes the TV look stunningly stylish, elegant and eye catching and also matches the high quality room interiors. It has 31.5-inch LED display with the HD resolution of 1366 x 768 pixels that delivers true colour accuracy, precise colour and contrast from all angles and gives out blur-free, high quality, crystal clear and lively viewing experience. It can be wall mounted or placed on stand to suit the convenience of the viewer. And for simplified operation, this TV comes with a Web Cruiser QWERTY remote. It features full built-in keyboard which lets you type the web address or any keywords while browsing. This remote can be charged like your mobile phone which in turn eliminates the need of replacing the batteries. -> User-Friendly Interface & Performance
14. The Live Genius Smart TV features 31.5" HD Display, ARM Cortex A7 Quad Core Processor, 15. Android v4.4 KitKat OS, 1 GB RAM, 4 GB Flash Memory, Ethernet, In-built Wi-Fi, Screen Mirroring, MHL, USB to USB Sharing, Skype, Sleep Timer, Alarm, Equalizer, Surround, Bass/Treble, Web browser, USB ports, HDMI connectivity and lots more. -> Sleek & Stylish Design
16. HD Display -> Equalizer & Surround
17. Picture Mode ->  Vivid, Cinema, News, Sports and Normal
18. Digital Audio Output (Optical) -> Connectivity
19. Dimensions TV System (W x H x D) with Stand (mm) ->  94 x 736 x 439
20. Home Audio Systems -> Speakers

21. Other Features -> On/Off Timer
22.Live Genius Smart TV offers you awesome viewing experience that makes your life at home filled with fun and entertainment. -> This Live Genius Smart TV offers you awesome viewing experience that makes your life at home filled with fun and entertainment.
23. Stand By Power Consumption (Watts) ->  <0.5
24. HDMI ->  Yes, 3
25. Vivid, Cinema, News, Sports and Normal -> Video Signal
26. Brand ->  Onida
27. Dimensions TV System (W x H x D) without Stand (mm) ->  219 x 736 x 472.5
28. Design Float  -> Design Float
29.PAL / SECAM /AUTO -> Display Resolution
30. Audio Output Power (Watts) ->  16 (8 + 8)